testing tutorial

These are my notes from going through the tutorial on 6/14/2026 starting at 21:22

Starting, and after each step of the tutorial (matters more for the simple one than the testing one) i want it to scroll the screen to where the next thing they need to click on is visible on screen. i want the scrolling to be kinda slow. 

the selection card is moot at this point... it's been with us for a while, but i think we are done with it. please remove it from the front end. 

Bed generator
	[y] rename pick edge in the bed generator to "begining of first bed" with sub text "where planting starts".
	it would be nice if "keep existing beds" was grayed out if there are no beds in a block.
	I want the Adcanced line controls bubble removed from the card. I bet i'll put it back later, but in the spirit of keeping things simple, ax it. 
	I want to add the first bed entrnece to this card and remove it from the block planning card which you still haven't given a ridged name to (please do that too). 
	
there is some odd behavior where it switches from work to plan, actuly, mostly from plan to work. Sometimes that might be good, but not all of the times it will do that. Can you tell me what it should be doing now, so i can better explain what i want it to do. 

Part II 22:19

make tutorial spacing better for cabbage 3 row 12" would work.
side note; i'm a little worried that there is too much rounding. It's fine on the front end, but this is build metric native and will be primarily used in  foot mode in the early stages (just who i know) so little things could add up to lots of plants, and i don't want that. again, it looks good in the front end, if there is no risk let me know in text.

part III jun 16th 19:44
don't write code for anything with a ???? in front of it, i don't know exactly what i want yet. Give me a text response to those sections

The scrolling feature is great, I'd like it to go about half the speed, and not work after the draw field and draw block step (as we can't know how many points will choose to use for their block). and also anything with a field which needs to be filled, have the hightlight move right a way.


???? recorded tasks with impossible dates, what happens, what should happen. needs to be a visible problem the user can fix intuitively


import crop plan spreadsheet card: let's change the name to "Spreadsheet Import/Export". I want the text which reads "upload a farm export...below." to "Upload your crop plan spread sheet, you'll need to format it into the template. Leave the header line alone, it won't import the sample line unless you change it." let's make sure the sample is ignored but not the top line, it's been good in testing, but i forget which variables i've used.

I want the download csv template button to be shortened to just "Download Template"  I want the Export Farm button moved, more on that later.

Let's remove the Required header row bubble. Can we make the importer more flexible with dates? The i want the import spreashet button (no change) then under it I want a text bubble which reads: "Export Farm, download all your farm's data, as a backup, or for whatever you want to do with it. If you Import a backup on new account, you will clone all you data. Beta Warning: a few things might be missing." And under that i want the Export Farm Spreadsheet button, and i want it to look the same as the import spreadsheet button.

